
- feedback: since this is run ONCE only, then sys.stdout.isatty() could be a global constant, just run once, right?
- parser should be called pop-first-col, not id-data and instead of json:key=X, it should just be called .X.
- in case the line starts with { then default the parser to ._id, otherwise default to pop-first-col.
- make sure the directory defaults to .
- split out the _run_pipeline() function to small parts. The extractor is one thing, then you have a transform that takes that iterable and applies transofmration command in a number of workers, the load function takes that iterator and loads them all, collect collects that iterator and runs collecton it when done.
- If we have initial errors like the directory not existing or something like that, then let's just logging.error those and quit. But warnings and errors that are non-detrimental (should let the pipeline continue running) should be yielded by each such step down to the end of the pipeline. In the end of the pipeline we need a handler (which I think is done best in the collect step), where we decide what to do with everything. In the normal case, we simply collect all the state files and send to the collector (if there is one) and print out warnings and errors. In the dry-run case we print out almost everything yielded (warnings, errors, parsings, etc, etc). This way most of the steps don't even need to know that they are dry-running or not, just yield whatever and the last step will decide if printing or dropping is the right approach. This will still be quite cheap because it is iterators, so in the non-dry-run case it is just all dropped.
- To be clear, we need to be able to yield Line | ParsedLine | Warning | Error from extractor. Perhaps a Result pattern makes sense here where Result[T] = T | Warning | Error. Error contains an exit code. The collect state probably wants to keep the first error, if any, until the stream is over to raise on that exit code at that point. Then the transform step will yield back everything from extractor + TransformedLine | GracefullySkipLine | Error | Warning, etc, etc. If you want, collect could also yield error or success etc, when the iteration is over. Then have a next step `handle` which does all the side-effects. We might have different handle for dry run and non-dry-run. the handle stage iterates through everything and has a large match/case statement depending on what was yielded.
- if we don't have a collector, then we don't want to collect into a list because that might grow infinitely large
- add to readme that if you run an eternal extractor (is possible) then you should always pass +c to not have collect.
- semaphore is not the way to do this, I don't want to spawn a bunch of tasks. We want a worker pattern.
- --parallel should be called --workers or -n (unless taken for something else?)
- stats is very easy to arrive at in the collect stage if everything is yielded.
